Reorganize on-call, incidents and observability docs (#1529)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/incidents/on_call.md

1.  Add an entry to the [incidents log](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtrOHs5STJYKvyjigL1kMm6u-W0mlyRSyVxPfKIOfEw/edit?usp=sharing)
1.  File issues for any followup work that needs to happen.
1.  If alerts are too noisy and/or inactionable, take actions to fix or disable alerts.

## Ops incidents log

All significant incidents that occur on Sourcegraph.com are recorded in the [ops incidents log](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dtrOHs5STJYKvyjigL1kMm6u-W0mlyRSyVxPfKIOfEw/edit?usp=sharing). This helps us keep track of what has happened historically, discuss follow-up work, and gives insight into what types of incidents we see.

False incidents (flaky alerts, etc.) should be tracked directly in GitHub issues and do not need a log entry.

## Slack channels

You'll want to be in #dev-ops, #buildkite, and #opsgenie on [Slack](../../communication/team_chat.md) in particular. Most of the work you do as the on-call engineer should be discussed in #dev-ops.

## Getting help

> In some cases you may not know how to resolve an incident on your own, or the incident may be due to something you are not familiar with. In such cases, it is your responsbility to pull in more people or teams as needed to resolve the incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases you may not know how to resolve an incident on your own, or the incident may be due to something you are not familiar with. In such cases, it is your responsibility to pull in more people or teams as needed to resolve the incident.
```

If the incident is not urgent (use your best judgement) and can be handled asynchronously over the course of a few days, file a GitHub issue and pull in teams that way by cc'ing them with e.g. `@sourcegraph/cloud` `@sourcegraph/distribution`.

If the incident is urgent, start a new thread in the #dev-ops Slack channel and cc the on-call person from the relevant team. You can find this in Slack using the `/genie` command:

```
/genie whoisoncall
```

If that person is unavailable, feel free to ping the entire team `@cloud`, `@distribution`, etc. to get help.

## Schedule

The authoritative schedule is in OpsGenie:
https://app.opsgenie.com/schedule#/190e2873-1e3b-4350-b67b-2e681d542970

> I recommend importing the schedule into your calendar.

Reviewer: Since the "I" is going to be different and unknown, i would keep it inpersonal
```suggestion
It is recommended to import the schedule into your calendar.
```

- You can subscribe to only your on-call weeks here: https://app.opsgenie.com/user/profile#/onCallSchedule/
- You can subscribe to the entire on-call schedule here: https://app.opsgenie.com/schedule#/190e2873-1e3b-4350-b67b-2e681d542970

To import to Google Calendar:

- Copy the webcal url from OpsGenie:
  ![copy-schedule-link.gif](copy-schedule-link.gif)
- Add calendar from URL
  ![gcal.gif](gcal.gif)

## Resources

Note: Most of our internally hosted services (\*.sgdev.org) use SSO with your

> Sourcegraph Google account. We also have a document storing [shared] passwords

Reviewer: That's news to me. How come it's not in 1password ? :-)

Author: I dont know, im just moving the docs around here :)
